# Angular Classes Archive

A compilation of all projects developed during my Angular classes at São Paulo State Technological College in Santos. The projects cover subjects like basic math operations, conditional rules, routes, forms, usage of API's and authentication.

See it in action: https://projects.matheusmisumoto.dev/angular-classes/

## List of Projects
1. **Conditional Greeting:** a page that displays a greeting accordingly with the time of the day.
2. **Random Numbers:** shows a table with random numbers generated by Angular.
3. **Multiplication Table:** using a base number from input, shows in real time a table of that number multiplied from 1 to 10.
4. **Album Collection:** This project features a navigation through a music album collection. 
    The list is generated from a TypeScript file, and the navigation to the details of each record is possible by passing its index by a URL parameter.
5. **Simple Interest:** Calculates the total amount accrued from user input.
6. **Compound Interest:** Calculates the total amount accrued by each step of time from user input.
7. **Application Log:** Demonstrate the concept of services in Angular by showing a log of events generated during user navigation.
8. **Task List:** Demonstrate the concept of services in Angular with a task list managed by user input.
9.  **Bitcoin Exchange Rate:** This project uses a public API to get the current exchange rate from Bitcoin to United States Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling.
    The values are loaded with the page, and are updated automatically every minute or manually by the user.
    Each update action makes the Angular Service transfer the last value to a history of the exchange rates.
10. **Bitcoin Wallet:** This project features a fictional Bitcoin wallet interface to buy and sell bitcoins, showing the correspondent amount in United States Dollars (USD). 
    The exchange rate is provided by a public API used as a service in Angular. After the operation, the balance is updated and don't reset while navigating on this website.
11. **GitHub Repositories:** List my public GitHub public profile details and repositories by using GitHub public API.
12. **Firebase Authentication and Database:** This project uses Google Firebase to create an authentication page to a restrict area of the website. The user can login using a registered email and password, or login with Google Account. Once logged in, the user can add and remove entries to a list stored on Realtime Database.